//  Secure Agile Vested Extensible Development (S.A.V.E.D) 

// I recall people prefering some indentation in their walls of TLDR text.  

/*
   
    I had typed all of this into the description for filing a patent for this, and said text field, takes no special characters.  I love the design choice of erasing all said 
text, alongside every other character in the string that I spent hours writing.  Luckily, javascrpit regular expressions are not absolutely mind wrackking as complex REGEX was 
to achieve in Java (and C++).  I won;t drone on about how github has annoyed me thus far...  A good repository and record of versions is a defeinite musty for any real piece of work. I don't know if I want to attempt using it as an IDE... not hwne I can use something as robust as... Notepad++ .  :D

*/


 /*
   
    Secure Agile Vested Extensible Development (S.A.V.E.D) will serve as the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) for open-source collaborative innovation utilizing the 
existing Block-Chain network established by "Stellar".  The Stellar Development Foundation (SDF)'s framework provides extremely unique, inherent instances of modularity.     
This potential beautifully leverages the functional power of procedural Block-Chain while allowing the dynamic versatility of modular innovation to compensate for the 
inevitable point of diminishing returns.  

    S.A.V.E.D will utilize the  expansive open-source cryptographic framework in place to create innovative composability.  There are dozens of use-cases I have personally 
conceptualized that could provide beneficial advancements in terms of cost and efficiency in nearly any area of our lives. This synergizes in a mesmerizing way with Stellar 
FinTech, Stellar Aid, and Stellar Tokenization.  S.A.V.E.D will begin with two concurrent use cases that share its name.  S.A.V.E.D is still just an embryonic SDLC at this 
point 
in time.  As each of us started as two separate  cells which comprised a greater being wonderfully made, so to shall She.  We will being with two additional patents that will 
exist under the patent of this main engine.  
    
    I feel the engine and our first two use-cases are, by necessity and nature, quite non-provisional.  As the amazing people who have already built so many wonderful 
components 
of Stellar, offer their intrinsic and hard earned knowledge to this open-source dream, it may become something entirely different than what I conceive.  As for now, it will 
just 
be me.  I hope this is detailed enough to protect what could be  (is) the most important and hopefully globally beneficial thing I will ever do, I felt I needed to do at least 
this much to try and protect it. 
    
    This began as an entirely different Engine, Frame, (F.R.AE.M) building off of a strange mix of different libraries in what was essentially an IDE.  But, it allowed the use 
of C++ coding however you could script it in while simultaneously allowing for deployment across 5 different platforms simultaneously.  Shall I begin?  Thanks for listening.  

Oh great!  I guess I will dive RIGHT INTO REGEX ON GITHUB THEN, FREEPATENTSONLINE.COM!  I'm glad i was able to copy-pasta this right into the github psudoCode branch, whew,  
 This is legal my provisional patent in progress, 

 */
 

 
      
      
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      
